Of course I want to try to retrieve data whenever the app restarts and therefore I'll add a new method
auto log and you can name it whatever you want.
This is a method that simply tries to fetch data from the storage and if it finds data that is valid
it actually well logs as in raw data access plug in storage or plug ins excuse me storage get and I'll
get takes an object where we find a key for which you want to get our data and that is the key I find
when I stored data.
So that's all data in this case here.
So up there in auto log in off data is the key which I want to search for in my storage.
It does returns a promise.
Now we could work with a promise here but I actually want to turn this into an observable and hence
I will return and observable here by using the from creation operator which is simply import from our
X J S so you import from here and from takes for example a promise and it automatically manages the
listening to that promise response so to say and converts it into an observable.
Now of course I don't just want to return the raw data I want to return the information whenever to
succeed it or not.
So I want to return true or false here because later we can then for example use that in the off guard
but more on that in a second hence it's time to add the pipe method here and execute a couple of steps
and I will need the map operator to convert dad data I'm extracting from the storage to something I
can use for actually creating a user object so we get our stored data here and that stored data could
of course not be set.
If we have restored data before so if we don't have stored data or if this stored data does not have
a value field which it normally should have then it will return null here then it was not able to extract
any useful data otherwise we can continue.
And the fact that we have a value field on the stored data simply stems from the storage plugin giving
us such a value field on the data it returns from the storage.
So here I will then get my my past data you can name as however you want of course by using Jason pass
to convert Dad's stored string back into a javascript object by using store by passing stored data value
in there and this will actually give us an object that has a token and do this with the ass operator
here to tell typescript which kind of data is returned by this so we'll have a token which is a string
we'll have let's have a look.
What did a name it will have a token expiration date.
So we'll have to field a stored down there will have a token expiration date which is also stirring.
Not a date object.
It said it was converted to a string before in our store of data method and we'll have our user I.D.
which is a string so exactly that data you did store down there though the order of the properties does
not matter so that is the data we get back by passing the stored data.
Now I need to convert my expiration time into a data object and for that we can simply create a new
new Date object and pass in the past data token expiration date field value because data is a string
that actually has the ISO format that can be used by the date constructor.
Now of course that is a date now but it might already be an expired token.
So if the expiration time is smaller or equal than the current time then this means it is in the past
and therefore that token expired.
So then I will all the return null because I was able to retrieve data but it will not be useful data.
If we make it past as a check then we can actually create a new user.
So I'll create a new user and there I need to store my I.D. email and so on.
Well since I need that email actually I should store that email in my storage as well.
So in store of data all stored email now and I expect to get the email here as a string.
So let's store email since I expect that as a string here we need to pass it here.
When we call the we're off date of course there are 1 to pass in my email and now when we extract our
data up there.
Well that past data of course now we'll have an email field as well because we're now storing this as
well.
Now we can create our new user here and that user gets the I.D. from past data user I.D. the email from
past data email of course all the token from past data token and for the expiration time it's our expiration
time object Date object we're creating up there.
This is now at a user we're creating.
And now I will return my user here.
So we even return null if we have invalid data or we were not able to retrieve data or we return a user
object.
Now it is this just in this map.
Operator I had a two pipe.
It's not the only operator I want to have in this chain though.
I'll also add a tap.
Operator Where I get this user object now.
And of course only if the user is set I will then emit as user.
So my private user property I will call next and forward this user because I want to emit dead user
in case I have it.
And last but not least does observable change should not return a user object but true or false.
So add never map.
Operator Where I also get that user because tap never consumes the data but just taps it but doesn't
change it.
So I get a user object here and I want to return a boolean so I'll use that double exclamation mark
trick to force that into a boolean.
And now we return true if we have a user or if the return null before.
Well we return false here.
Does this you ought to log in method.
Now where do I want to use that.